Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it? E.g. 
From the perspective of statistics. I think it is because both Jill Stein(1648) and Gary Johnson(3481) follow more people than Hillary Clinton(762) and Donald Trump(45) so they have bigger possiblity to get a larger similarity. E.g. 1/45 >> 344/1648. The shared accounts followed by Jill Stein and Gary Johnson or might also Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump might also from the same field. 
As for as I am concerned, we can classify the shared accounts followed by each pair of users with the aspect of fields. That might be more accurate.

2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.
This user is WhiteHouse. I think the simplest reason is they all want to move to WhiteHouse. Follow it means follow for the latest from present president and his Administration. It will be helpful to get news at the first time. 


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?
I think the samples will be too less to analyse. Therefore, with sample algorithm, the outcome is not that accurate. Just like the test1 metions above.


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?
We will have to make 45 requests in total. And Twitter rate limit is 15 times per 15mins. So it will spend a little time more than 30mins. Because we have to wait 15mins for the first 15 people and another 15mins for the second 15 people. Finally when we analyse the last 15 people, we don't have to wait anothwer 15mins.
