1.run the following commands:
collect.py
cluster.py
classify.py
summarize.py


2.function of different py file:

2.1 collect.py
Use twitter API to get some user major in technology including @mattbuchanan, @sammywalrusIV, @WonderHowTo, @gruber, @peterrojas and their friends, output user and their friends' id into users.txt
get twitters about 'iPhone X', use twitter API to messages aboout 'iPhone X', output messages into twitters.txt

2.2 cluster.py
Use networkx to genarate graph from users.txt and then Divide graph into clusters by eliminate nodes which have less than 2 degrees to get subgraph. then set max_depth = 3 to generate bfs and use girvan newman to partition graph into 2 clusters.
output result into community.txt
I try to create graph to illustrate the problem more directly, but I meet some bugs so I give up in the final edition. But you could still see some graphs I created before.

2.3 classify.py
use afinn menthod to classify data into 3 classifications by sentiments: good, neutral and bad emotion.
Emotion score > 0  Good
Emotion score = 0  Neutral
Emotion score < 0  Bad

Output into good.txt, neutral.txt, bad.txt, summary.txt.

2.4 summarize.py
read all the output to write a summary about this analysis.

I used to choose the ceo of top technical companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon(which can shop iphoneX online).
@JeffBezos
@MarkZuckerbergF
@satyanadella
@tim_cook
@sundarpichai
what I get for conclusion is like this:

Number of users collected: 5

Number of messages collected: 100

Number of communities discovered: 2

Average number of users per community: 20.50

Number of instances per class found:
Good emotion: 51
Neutral emotion: 57
Bad emotion: 1

It seems that nobody want to say bad thing to iPhone X.
However, after some discussion with my friends who study marketing and public relation, I found that as the top technical conpanies they might not saying the direct words. Even if they want to criticize, they might just say some vague words which can't be detected by our simple sentiment dictionary.
So I change to choose some technology experts or big fans including @mattbuchanan, @sammywalrusIV, @WonderHowTo, @gruber, @peterrojas
the situation is much more better and objective. But good emotion still more than bad emotion, which means iPhone X's evaluation is still very good. 
